c:\users\tauqeer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\AzureMachineLearning.exe.config
c:\users\tauqeer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\AzureMachineLearning.exe
c:\users\tauqeer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\AzureMachineLearning.pdb
c:\users\tauqeer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tauqeer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tauqeer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tauqeer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tauqeer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\obj\Debug\AzureMachineLearning.exe
c:\users\tauqeer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\obj\Debug\AzureMachineLearning.pdb
C:\Users\tauqeer\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\tauqeer\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\tauqeer\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\tauqeer\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\FastMember.Signed.dll
C:\Users\tauqeer\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\tauqeer\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\tauqeer\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\tauqeer\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\tauqeer\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\tauqeer\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\tauqeer\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\tauqeer\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMachineLearning\AzureMachineLearning\obj\Debug\AzureMachineLearning.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
